hello there, I have not seen this movie so im going to take a minute to look it over :)
Alright that is fine. What is the movie?
The movie is The Social Network
I have not seen that one either.
It appears to be like a biographical movie about Mark Zuckerberg and when he creates Facebook.
Ohh yes I remember hearing about that movie, but it was a long time ago it feels like.
Rotten Tomatoes has rated it 96% so that's decent, and it is a movie from 2010
may be worth watching!
Yes I think it could be, although I personally do not like facebook as a company.
the movie portrays the founding of social networking website Facebook and the resulting lawsuits. It even has Justin Timberlake in it, I don't think I've ever seen him act. 
I have not seen him in any movies in years
Any other big name actors in it?
hmm so I just got a scene described to me, it turns out Mark was dumped so he made a blog about her ... kind of childish.... then he made a site for people to "rate" women on looks...the college put him on porbation. and then that captured the attention of two classmates , that how the trio came to work on facebook I guess.
So it came out of Mark being kind of a douche, Makes sense when I think about the company 
Jesse Eisenberg, Andrew Garfield, Armie Hammer , and Max Minghella, not famailiar with any of those, id have to look on IMBD
I am not familiar  with any of them either
another scene came up, i guess this site was just for hrvard but then they expanded to Yale, Columbia, and Stanford... sounds very elite like lol
Seems like it was intended for the elite, but he saw the amount of money to be made by globalizing it
and go figure Sean Parker who co founded Napster is in on it with Mark to make Facebook, i guess he is the one who persuaded him to drop the THE  as it was called Thefacebook originally
removing the word "the" was a smart choice atleast
yeah, flows a bit better I suppose so you can say "facebook me" lol
ah new scene, talking about all the lawsuits that came against him. 
I feel like he has always been in trouble for the way he operates then
Now it is the way he markets ads by listening through the phones
ending sounds weird, they said it ends with him sending a friend request to his ex who dumped him.  ironic.
Im sure that was just for the hollywood effect
yeah, he is a very selfish type of person I think in reality
Hi! We'll be discussing the movie John Wick!
Hello, sounds great
What can I expect from John Wick
I've heard really good things but dog killing can be a a bit of a downer
Firstly, it received great reviews on Rotten Tomatoes! And it's about a former human who returns to the criminal underworld to extract revenge following the death of his wife!
Are you a fan of Keanu Reeves?
I am a great fan of him and his work, I don't think he's avenging his wife though
from what I understand she dies of natural causes and leaves him a puppy so he has a reason to go on, but then some people break into his home and kill the dog
Critics certainly praised his performance in this film.
well critical praise is definitely a reason to check out a performance as is a good overall rt score
True. It all tales place following the death of his wife after a run in with a Russian crime syndicate. 
what kind of action movie is it
Very true! It also received a Cinemascore of B as well!
is it like the marvel movies heavy on the comedy or more like classic action movies 
Its sort of an American neo-noir action flick. One critic described it as  "fired up, ferocious B movie fun we can't get enough of".
Hi:   The movie dunkirk has a very unique back story.
Hi there! I agree. I haven't seen it, but it looks like it has great reviews and ratings.
Yes, the director really surrounded his audience with chaos and horror.  The 65MM film gave it a real feel.
I'm very surprised that Harry Styles was cast in such a high-profile role given his background as a singer. Since Nolan didn't know about this, I'm happy his opinion wasn't swayed. 
Yes, and similarly the lead actor was hired after a secretive auditioning process.  How wonderful it would be to finish months of casting auditions, and win the lead role.
Very true! Without much dialogue, it really goes to show that the acting was brilliant. It really took the film to the level of art.
Hey have you seen the inception?
No, I have not but have heard of it. What is it about
It's about  extractors that  perform experiments using military technology o n people  to retrieve info about their targets. 
Sounds interesting do you know which actors are in  it?
I haven't watched it either or seen a preview.  Bu5 it's scifi so it might be good. Ugh Leonardo DiCaprio  is the main character 
He plays as Don Cobb
Oh okay, yeah I'm not  a big scifi fan but there are a few movies I still enjoy in that genre.
Is it a long movie?
Doesn't say how long it is. 
The Rotten Tomatoes score is  86%
Wow, that's impressive. I like to look at Rotten Tomatoes when debating whether or not to see a movie. Do you know the director?
Something about Dom Cobb infiltrates peoples dreams in a dream world. 
The director is Christopher nolan
Heard of him? 
Wow I thought this was recent but it came out in 2009.
He directed The Dark Knight which I enjoy. Yeah, I know it's been out awhile but 2009 does seem to be a while back now. Time flies. 
Do you know if it won any awards?
or how much it made at the box office?
Oh wow I loved the dark night movies. And it doesn't say if it's won awards or how much at box office. 
A critic did say it could be "weirder"
The concept seems interesting and it has a good lead actor as well as director and reviews. I think it must be good. The plot does seem weird, that's for sure.
Tom Hardy is in the movie as the character Earnes. And yeah the plot is a bit strange. 
I might watch this movie now. 
I think I may as well. I can't say I've heard of Tom Hardy however. Is there any other supporting actors?
Oh Earnes is a sharp tongue associate of Cobb. 
Oh, cool. I am familiar with her. She's in a number of good movies and is great.
She plays Ariadne , she is a graduate student that constructs the dreamscapes,  they're like mazes. 
Hmm interesting. Do you know if it's an action movie or mostly just scifi? 
Says scientific
Certainly seems unique. Do you know if it is based off a book or a previous work?
Something about at the end  he has trouble determining which is reality and which is a dream. It doesn't say it's based off anything. 
Sounds like it might be suspense/thriller as well as scifi which is cool. It seems pretty confusing but enticing. Makes me want to see it to try and figure it all out.
Yeah its like its got a bit of mystery too.  Trying to figure out what's real and what's not. 
I can't think of any other movie or even book that has a related story either which makes it very interesting. A very original concept.
Yeah well have great day. :)
Hi, how are you today?
Hello,
I was thinking of how I remember what a good movie the original Jaws was.
Do you like action movies?
I do somewhat is jaws an action movie?
Yes, definitely.  It is a classic, but still very action packed even for today.
I don't  know much about it.. can you refresh me?
It is about an extremely large great white shark that is way too close to a vacation beach.
That sounds terrifying!
A marine biologist and the police try to hunt it before it hurts anyone else.
The first scene is legendary when a woman is dragged under by Jaws.
Well i DON'T KNOW IT BUT SOUNDS ENTERTAINING.
opps sorry for the caps,lol
Anyone  famous in it?
No problem.  Yes, some of it's best scenes are just suspense where you don't even see the shark.
I feel on edge just thinking about it.
Roy Schneider and Richard Dreyfuss are in it.  The characters seem very real.
Steven Spielberg directed it and it is very well done.
I really lke Richard Dreyfuss.
Oh wow.
Yes, me too.  He is a very likable actor!
And very talented.
The mayor of the beach town is kind of the bad guy as he doesn't want to tell the beach goers how dangerous the beach is.
I also  really like Steven Spielberg but who doesn't.
Ah SO THE BAD GUY ..
Yes, the movie is rated very highly and was kind of revolutionary at the time it was released.
It may be too gruesome for children though!
You have peaked my interest for sure.
Oh so not a kids movie.
What is it rated?
I hope that you check it out.  It is based on a 1974 novel by Peter Benchley.  I'm not sure what it is rated, but probably R.
I never knew it was based on a novel.
Maybe I will read the book first.
Yes, I may read it also and I'll see the movie again as it is an oldie, but a goodie.
Have you read the novel?
No, but I just might.
Oh now I see you have not yet.
I find books hard to read after watching the movie.
No problem.  Me too.  The shark in the movie looks very real.
Is it cgi?
or that wasn't around then..
I think it was a robotic shark, but am not sure.
Well you have certainly made me want to go watch it and see what all the hype is about.
Great!  You at least will be able to say that you saw a revolutionary classic of that time.
Cool, nice chatting, bye.
Bye and have fun at the movie!
This film has a great rotten tomatoes score
What did you think of the cast?
Those scores are often inflated by the studios themselves. I don't always trust RT
I thought the cast was good. 
Do you watch alot of musicals?
Do you typically like musicals?
I watch some, but I'm very picky about them
Not really, I'll watch them on occasion.
I don't like when they sing the dialogue
What about Dramas?
I'm a movie buff in general
What was your favorite scene? I liked the one while they were doing a gig at a restaurant.
I heard good things about La La Land, but haven't see it IRL yet
How were the songs?
Sappy and showtune-like?
He was playing in a1980's pop cover band..
not bad though
Sounds like Music & Lyrics
Do you agree with the rating? 
Seemed inflated to me, but I still need to see it
I thought Emma Stone did a fantastic job though
Jazz Pianist doesn't get me excited
I like John Legend's music and voice though
Yeah, one of the critics said Mia's character was a little dull and Sebastian is a jazz snob
Me too
IMDB ratings usually aren't that high
I'll have to check it out. Kind of forgot about this one
Maybe on a date night
I've never heard of the director Damien Chazelle
Neither have I, but with scores like that I'll have to check out some other films
I really liek Ryan Goslings character as well
I didn't like the scene where Mia left him at the end though, it was sad 
spoiler alert!!!!
Still worth watching
Do you like superhero movies>
Love them. Do you like dc or marvel more?
Marvel is my jam! But the avengers are pretty cool. :)
Are you excited about infinity wars?
Absolutely! If it's anything like the first one, it'll be great. Plus I don't think Joss Whedon can do any wrong lol.
Me either. He did such a good job with avengers. If he had failed their is no way they would be releasing infinity wars in may 
Yep. The only thing I really didn't think would work is having Robert JR be part of a team. He seems to be more of a lone wolf type.
He is the leader of the pack. I really dont think the averages would be as popular as it is if he wasn't the leader of the team 
This is true too
Who is your favorite member from the first avengers?
Thor lol. I've always liked the character in the comics so i was really excited to see it played out in a movie.
WBU?
Love thor even more now after his third movie. My favorite is captain america. Hes the most interesting character to me 
Which member do you dislike?
Black widow. Her character just didn't pop for some reason
Same here. I feel as they could've done without her. Do you think she should have her own movie?
Maybe. It would help build her character up and she wouldn't seem as flat 
marvel movies dont flop but i feel as if her would flop. 
How do you feel about loki?
I like his character. Thats what i named my dog lol
I love that lol. I wish they would make a movie about him
I was just looking at that. I thought that was weird too lol. It's got some pretty big actors in it though so maybe they're fans lol.
How do you feel about hawkeye?
hello?
still there?
Hi.  Bruce Almighty is the movie we will be talking about.  It is a comedy starring Jim Carrey and Morgan Freeman.
Have you seen this movie before?  I have seen this back when it first came out!
I have.  It's very funny. Carrey is hilarious and I love Morgan Freeman.
Yes, Jim Carrey was much more hilarious back in the days.  Morgan Freeman will always be the sound of "God" to me.
Would you rewatch the movie?
Honestly.  I love Freeman's voice.  Jennifer Anniston was also very good.  But I did feel sorry for her character.
Yes, Bruce Almighty is one of my go-to movies.
The cinemascore for this movie is an A.  I'm not surprised at all to hear that.  All of the actors did a fabulous job.
Yes I feel sorry for her character but her character sounds too much like her Friends days.
I do not think I would rewatch this movie.
Yes, I agree that her character was very much a Friends style role. '
Oh??  Why not?  Do you not like comedies?
Rotten Tomatoes has a rotten score for it, so I think i am swayed by that.
Oh but the CinemaScore is an A.
Comedies seem to be very cliche and there does not seem to be one that I have favored in awhile.
Well I think the actors all did a fabulous job and the three main actors are all very good actors.
Morgan Freeman is a good in all his roles
However, I cannot say the same for Jim Carrey as he has had a downward spiral these years
Totally totally agree!!  Morgan Freeman is the bomb.
And Jim Carrey has bombed in so many.  But he outdid himself in this movie.
It seems like I will have to rewatch it in the end.  
I like how he uses his new powers to cause such miraculous events to occur at otherwise mundane events'
I don't like how he embarrases his other co worker but at the same time the character Evan was such an ass.
Lol, very true.  It sure makes the situation crazier that it should be 
I probably would have done the same if I had been in Bruce's situation. LOL'
Likewise, I kind of wish I had his powers so I could do the same lol
And of course, God  (Morgan Freeman) steps in to save the day and tells Bruce what he should do.
Seriously!  Did you know it knocked off The Matrix Reloaded from the box office during its first week?
Noooo I didn't know that.  I enjoyed the first Matrix but the other two were trying to hard to be the  hit the first one was.  Saying that I can see why it knocked it out of it's place.
When it all comes down to it, this is one of my favorite movies.  I'm not a big movie fan but this is one I can rewatch many times.
True that.  Pretty impressive for Jim Carrey's career!  I hope you didn't watch Evan Almighty lol
Have you ever seen Inception? If not, you should. It's complicated but very good.
Leonardo DiCaprio and Joseph Gordon Levitt are in it
Have you ever seeLeonardo DiCaprio and Joseph Gordon Levitt are in itn Inception? If not, you should. It's complicated but very good.
They go into people's minds to steal information.
yes
Even Ellen Page is in it, and I love her.
The people who go into other people's minds are called extractors.
It has an 86% on Rotten Tomatoes, so that's pretty good.
The first scene kind of explains how going in someone's mind works.
In a team, people have to set up "kicks" to wake each other up from sleeping (how they go into a mind, I guess). 
But some people have defenses in their subconsciousness, and the team gets attacked in one guy's mind.
If the guy dies will in another person's mind, he may get stuck in an infinite limbo where he forgets he's dreaming.
You're a very slow typist considering how exciting this movie is.
If the guy dies will in another person's mind, he may get stuck in an infinite limbo where he forgets he's dreaming
That's very true. Do you have any questions?
Do you like scientific movies?
I would love to tell you more about this movie, but you don't seem interested.
Well, I think I'm going to go, then. You should see Inception!
no 
HI!. I want you to check out The Shape of Water by Guillermo del Toro.
Hello, that movie sounds interesting. Could you give a little review?
It has Rotten Tomatoes 92% rating, and got an A from CinemaScore. It is an American fantasy drama, a love story
Great, what is the plot?
The plot is about a mute cleaner who works in a secret government lab, and falls in love with an amphibian being trapped in the lab.
That sounds intriguing, and how that amphibian got the lab?
The amphibian was captured in the Amazon River, and brought to the lab to study
They are trying to study the amphibian so that they can get an edge over the Russians during the arms race.
They stun and immobilize the creature, and then lock him in the lab for study
Awesome, fantasy and thrilling argument of the rivalry between U.S. and the Soviets. 
Yeah! And don't forget it won a bunch of awards, including best picture.
The main characters are played by who?
Sally Hawkins plays the mute cleaner,
Also there is Michael Shannon as the antagonist, Richard Jenkins as Elisa's friend, and Octavia Spencer as her friend also.
I am not really familiar with Sally Hawkins, however Michael Shannon  and Richard Jenkins are great actors!
I should take some time to see this movie, definitely.
Yeah I agree! Michael Shannon makes a great enemy, and Richard Jenkins is always a great character actor.
Yes, I always try to check out the movies that win Best Picture. More often than not they are good.
Do you know how we tell when we are done?
Yeah, I have that habit too. And Guillermo del Toro totally deserved that award. His work is always pleasant to watch !
Yeah, I liked Pan's Labyrinth too
I try to follow what he is doing and watch most of his films
Do you know what else we are supposed to do for this HIT? I'm not sure what the next step is
Surely, Pan's Labyrinth is one of the movies for what he will be remembered. 
Yes, he has a way of creating different worlds and interesting creatures.
Do you something else about the Shape of Water? Some fun facts or something?
Yeah, I found it kinda weird to have love scenes between the human and the amphibian! hehe
But everything is done pretty artfully etc
Well, it is kind of funny but it was already done in previous movies such as The Little Mermaid I think, but less visually of course.
The main character uses sign language to talk to the creature.
You have to realize, that the main character was orphaned and ALSO found in a river,  with wounds on her neck.
That makes perfect sense, since Hally is acting as a mute. That would imply that this creature is quite smart too.
What were the shape of those neck  marks?
Yes, it is definitely implied. There is a lot of symbolism and allegory in the film.
They are like slashes from a knife..., kinda mirroring the gills of the amphibian creature.
That is highly curious, could you describe some film scenes? 
Sure. Elisa (main character ) keeps the creature in her bathtub, with salts. He cannot survive that long out of water.
Hi! Have you seen the Blindside with Sandra Bullock?
No I havent, have you?
Yes. Are you a sports fan?
Yes, are you?
I was raised in a sports family and I am a movie fan. This is based on a true story.
What is the true story?
It the story of Michael Oher who in high school was adopted by a white family and with their support went to college on a football scholarship and was drafted by the Ravens in the pros.
Oh wait I think I've heard about this
I think I know the football player it was based on
Was it good?
It is a "feel good" movie that has a sports angle. Yes, a lot like "Hoosiers". I took my sons to see it. It really is a family movie.
I've never seen Hoosiers, would you say Blind Side is one of the best sports movies ever?
Michael was in foster care due to his mother's drug addiction. He ran away from foster homes. A coach of a private school recruits him into high school but he seems so far behind academically it seems impossible for him to graduate. It is a great sports movie!
Why did he run away from the foster homes? abuse?
It is also one that shows the bond of the adoptive mother and the ability for an underprivileged kid to overcome adversity.  
Is it also a story about racial harmony?
I think he overheard from the foster parents that he was not welcome in their home.
Because he was black?
He was that and also very difficult to communicate with.
Why was he hard to speak with?
I think he was withdrawn from living in the projects and have a drug addicted mother. He was taken in by the white family when they realized he was hanging out in the gym. Her friends thought she was crazy to take him in.   The hired a tutor to help him get through high school.
What motivated the foster mom to take him in? Did she a black ex lover?
I think she just felt that they were wealthy enough to help a deserving kid. He test high in protective instincts so she told him his job was to protect the quarterback. From then on he became good enough to be recruited for college teams.
That's nice of her, did he pay her back eventually?
I think it also really bothered her that their family took so many privileges for granted.  
What was wrong with her own family?
They were very successful and had a lot of money. Micheal just never had the opportunities. After becoming a member of the family he  tried to go  back to visit his mother but realized she had been evicted. He told the NCAA he chose to go to Ol' Miss because that is where his family goes.
Did the mom eventually get better?
The birth mother doesn't show up in the movie. Micheal does go off to college.
Hi. How is it going?
Good.  How are you?
I'm reading about Batman Begins. It is a very good movie.
I enjoyed it also. Do you know who played Alfred in that one?
Micheal Caine
He did a really good job.
I enjoyed Morgan Freeman also but he is amazing in all of his work.
That's right.  I thought he was great.  He is the best Alfred.  I agree about Morgan Freeman as well.
The critics thought that the movie explored Batman's damaged psyche.  What do you think?
I have to say so. The insight they provide about how he became Batman was eye opening. It was really sad to see him lose his parents like that.
Stuff like that really makes a person question their purpose in life. 
I agree.  I can see why it led to Batman pursuing a life of crime fighting.
Can you see page 2?  My page is blank.
Mine is blank also
Okay so I wonder what we're supposed to exchange messages about?
Lol not quite sure..
What did you think about Katie Holmes performance?
I think she was an appropriate love interest, but her acting was just okay.
I agree. It seems like she holds back on her emotions. Very dull
My second paragraph just came up
mine also
I didn't remember the part about the swarm of bats.  
Oh yeah, he fell in the well and a ton of bats were swarming him. He was initially afraid of t hem.
The scene when they blow the powder in his face and he starts seeing things... that was pretty wicked. 
I believe the fear of bats  is what led him to leave the opera where his parents were murdered.
Oh really? I did not see that part. I remembered he was scared but forgot what the play  was about.
The powder scene was very scary.  I cannot believe they had an antidote.
I forgot how long the movie was there were a lot of scenes and changes of events.
Alfred is such a hero in the movie, constantly saving Bruce
I cannot believe his mansion burnt down in flames
Love Alfred, he is the backbone
I know the fire scene was horrible.
It was really sad because it was his parents' house right?
I think so.  The bad guys work so harder at being bad.  The effort could be used for something good with a lot more success.
What do you think of the character of Sgt. Gordon?
exactly but some would rather be evil for their own personal gain than to help others
I like him also but I felt bad for him. He seems to be dismissed often as a key player in Batman
I agree.  He was one of the few honest people in it for the right reasons.
Didn't they try to cut off Gotham from the surrounding cities by raising the draw bridge?
I think so.  Do you think we are done?  Have we submitted enough turns?
I am not sure.. it seems like it has been awhile but it isnt cutting off
I counted 18 turns on my side and you have at least that many.
Let's give it one more exchange.
I think it is very sad that Bruce thought about killing Chill.  That would have made him "dark" also.
I know.. but I'm glad he prevailed 
Yes.  I agree.
I'm going to push finish conversation now.  Have a good afternoon.
you too! nice talking to you!
Hi. How is it going?
Good.  How are you?
I'm reading about Batman Begins. It is a very good movie.
I enjoyed it also. Do you know who played Alfred in that one?
Micheal Caine
He did a really good job.
I enjoyed Morgan Freeman also but he is amazing in all of his work.
That's right.  I thought he was great.  He is the best Alfred.  I agree about Morgan Freeman as well.
The critics thought that the movie explored Batman's damaged psyche.  What do you think?
I have to say so. The insight they provide about how he became Batman was eye opening. It was really sad to see him lose his parents like that.
Stuff like that really makes a person question their purpose in life. 
I agree.  I can see why it led to Batman pursuing a life of crime fighting.
Can you see page 2?  My page is blank.
Mine is blank also
Okay so I wonder what we're supposed to exchange messages about?
Lol not quite sure..
What did you think about Katie Holmes performance?
I think she was an appropriate love interest, but her acting was just okay.
I agree. It seems like she holds back on her emotions. Very dull
My second paragraph just came up
mine also
I didn't remember the part about the swarm of bats.  
Oh yeah, he fell in the well and a ton of bats were swarming him. He was initially afraid of t hem.
The scene when they blow the powder in his face and he starts seeing things... that was pretty wicked. 
I believe the fear of bats  is what led him to leave the opera where his parents were murdered.
Oh really? I did not see that part. I remembered he was scared but forgot what the play  was about.
The powder scene was very scary.  I cannot believe they had an antidote.
I forgot how long the movie was there were a lot of scenes and changes of events.
Alfred is such a hero in the movie, constantly saving Bruce
I cannot believe his mansion burnt down in flames
Love Alfred, he is the backbone
I know the fire scene was horrible.
It was really sad because it was his parents' house right?
I think so.  The bad guys work so harder at being bad.  The effort could be used for something good with a lot more success.
What do you think of the character of Sgt. Gordon?
exactly but some would rather be evil for their own personal gain than to help others
I like him also but I felt bad for him. He seems to be dismissed often as a key player in Batman
I agree.  He was one of the few honest people in it for the right reasons.
Didn't they try to cut off Gotham from the surrounding cities by raising the draw bridge?
I think so.  Do you think we are done?  Have we submitted enough turns?
I am not sure.. it seems like it has been awhile but it isnt cutting off
I counted 18 turns on my side and you have at least that many.
Let's give it one more exchange.
okay sounds good 
I think it is very sad that Bruce thought about killing Chill.  That would have made him "dark" also.
I know.. but I'm glad he prevailed 
Yes.  I agree.
I'm going to push finish conversation now.  Have a good afternoon.
you too! nice talking to you!
Do you like superhero movies>
Love them. Do you like dc or marvel more?
Marvel is my jam! But the avengers are pretty cool. :)
Are you excited about infinity wars?
Absolutely! If it's anything like the first one, it'll be great. Plus I don't think Joss Whedon can do any wrong lol.
Me either. He did such a good job with avengers. If he had failed their is no way they would be releasing infinity wars in may 
Yep. The only thing I really didn't think would work is having Robert JR be part of a team. He seems to be more of a lone wolf type.
He is the leader of the pack. I really dont think the averages would be as popular as it is if he wasn't the leader of the team 
This is true too
Who is your favorite member from the first avengers?
Thor lol. I've always liked the character in the comics so i was really excited to see it played out in a movie.
Love thor even more now after his third movie. My favorite is captain america. Hes the most interesting character to me 
Which member do you dislike?
Black widow. Her character just didn't pop for some reason
Same here. I feel as they could've done without her. Do you think she should have her own movie?
Maybe. It would help build her character up and she wouldn't seem as flat 
marvel movies dont flop but i feel as if her would flop. 
How do you feel about loki?
I like his character. Thats what i named my dog lol
I love that lol. I wish they would make a movie about him
Is it weird to you that the avengers has such a high critic rating? most critics dont like super hero movies
I was just looking at that. I thought that was weird too lol. It's got some pretty big actors in it though so maybe they're fans lol.
How do you feel about hawkeye?
Hello. So, this movie has a pretty good Rotten Tomatoes score!
It does.  Its a great dramatic film.
Guillermo del Toro generally directs good movies. Don't you think?
This is the only movie I have seen of his, but it was definitely an unusual love story
Sally Hawkins said so much without saying anything at all.
She did an amazing job portraying a mute cleaner in this film, but the love story was so sad as well.
Yes, a love that is basically forbidden. That makes for a drama if I ever did see one!
No doubt!  I felt bad for the poor amphibian living in a government laboratory however.
Yeah, that is something I felt horrible about as well. It reminded me of animals in a cage.
At least this zoo animal had someone who loved it.
Elisa's childhood was definitely sad don't you think?
Yes, very much so. I can't even imagine having all of that abuse done to me.
It seems like such a lonely life.
And this was in the old days - where her in the closet neighbor had to hide his true identity
Yeah. The stress that they must have endured is insane. I think all of the actors and actresses did a fantastic job of having the audience and viewers feel what was going on.
Yes.  The movie was extremely well directed and Sally Hawkins did a great job in her role.
Imagine being in that position and keeping the creature in the bathtub. 
The part where she was going to release the creature is pretty crazy
Yeah, that really kept me at the edge of my seat.
It was interesting how the creature had mysterious healing powers
Yeah, it is so cool because I felt as though that the movie had a balance of drama and fantasy.
Right.  The romantic part in the bathtub was a bit different however.
Uh, yeah. I was a bit weirded out by that. I kind of kept thinking that she was going to die!
The ending was a bit crazy however.  You knew there would be a shootout but after that...
Yes, I was almost in tears by the end. Did it affect you like that too?
Yes it was sad but happy at the same time.  
I agree. That's the type that gets to me the most. Lol. It tugs on all of your emotions at the same time,
Yes it does.  This could almost qualify as a "chick flick" but it had a bit too much action.
I agree. All of the rough parts kept bringing me back from my trip of sadness. Haha!
Yes.  It was definitely an amazing movie overall.  Well worth seeing!
Yes. I'll definitely be watching it again at some point. There was a lot to absorb.
Yes it is definitely a movie you could watch multiple times..
hi
hI... WE ARE TALKING ABOUT ZOOTOPIA
HAVE YOU SEEN IT?
yes, i have
have you
IT IS A COMEDY
MAYBE YOU SHOULD BE TELLING ME ABOUT IT...LOL
Are the ratings good?
i know :) 
YES THE RATINGS ARE DECENT
when did it come out?
i LIKE JASON BATEMAN IN COMEDIES, SO THIS SHOULD BE GOOD
I ALSO LIKE GINNEFER GOODWIN 
Do you think the movie plotis interesting?
plot is*
IT SOUNDS GOOD
What do critics say about it ?
I AM LOOKING, BUT I DON'T SEE ANYTING
OH THERE IT IS
FUNNY SMART AND THOUGHT PROVOKING
VERY FUNNY AND A VERY LIKABLE HOLIDAY TREAT
LOOK PAST SPECIES STEREOTYPES
So most of the critics agree it's a good movie?
SEEMS SO
FAST AND FUNNY ENOUGH TO KEEP YOUNGER PEOPLE ENTERTAINED
who are the main characters?
i know i've watched it but still need to ask those questions :)
WELL, THE DOCUMENT THAT I AM LOOKING AT JUST BLANKED OUT ON ME
I WISH I COULD TELL YOU
oh no :( well, i can
it's a bunny and a wolf, if i remember correctly
ANYWAY, I THINK THAT IT WOULD BE FUN TO SEE, ESPECIALLY YOUNG NIECES
Hi there
Are you there?
Hello, I'm here, my internet was just a little slow for a bit, sorry about that! 
hey, what was your fav scene of the movie
Hello, I have just seen the film. It is hilarious don't you think? Jim Carrey is very funny.
Hi.  Bruce Almighty is the movie we will be talking about.  It is a comedy starring Jim Carrey and Morgan Freeman.
Have you seen this movie before?  I have seen this back when it first came out!
I have.  It's very funny. Carrey is hilarious and I love Morgan Freeman.
Yes, Jim Carrey was much more hilarious back in the days.  Morgan Freeman will always be the sound of "God" to me.
Would you rewatch the movie?
Honestly.  I love Freeman's voice.  Jennifer Anniston was also very good.  But I did feel sorry for her character.
Yes, Bruce Almighty is one of my go-to movies.
The cinemascore for this movie is an A.  I'm not surprised at all to hear that.  All of the actors did a fabulous job.
Yes I feel sorry for her character but her character sounds too much like her Friends days.
I do not think I would rewatch this movie.
Yes, I agree that her character was very much a Friends style role. '
Oh??  Why not?  Do you not like comedies?
Rotten Tomatoes has a rotten score for it, so I think i am swayed by that.
Oh but the CinemaScore is an A.
Comedies seem to be very cliche and there does not seem to be one that I have favored in awhile.
Well I think the actors all did a fabulous job and the three main actors are all very good actors.
Morgan Freeman is a good in all his roles
However, I cannot say the same for Jim Carrey as he has had a downward spiral these years
Totally totally agree!!  Morgan Freeman is the bomb.
And Jim Carrey has bombed in so many.  But he outdid himself in this movie.
It seems like I will have to rewatch it in the end.  
I like how he uses his new powers to cause such miraculous events to occur at otherwise mundane events'
I don't like how he embarrases his other co worker but at the same time the character Evan was such an ass.
Lol, very true.  It sure makes the situation crazier that it should be 
I probably would have done the same if I had been in Bruce's situation. LOL'
Likewise, I kind of wish I had his powers so I could do the same lol
And of course, God  (Morgan Freeman) steps in to save the day and tells Bruce what he should do.
Seriously!  Did you know it knocked off The Matrix Reloaded from the box office during its first week?
Noooo I didn't know that.  I enjoyed the first Matrix but the other two were trying to hard to be the  hit the first one was.  Saying that I can see why it knocked it out of it's place.
When it all comes down to it, this is one of my favorite movies.  I'm not a big movie fan but this is one I can rewatch many times.
True that.  Pretty impressive for Jim Carrey's career!  I hope you didn't watch Evan Almighty lol
I have a really great action thriller reccomendation for you 
Hi there!
its called inception, hear of it? 
Thriller? I thought it was a horror movie.
Nope. Inception is about a group of people called "extractos"
extractors*
Oh....ok. Thank you for clarifying.
they dive into peoples dreams to gather info from the dream world
Did it just come out?
no its from 2009
it has di caprio in it it as well 
Got it.
I not a big DiCaprio fan.
me neither but normally he is only in rather good movies 
On a scale 1 to 5...how would you rate this movie?
is there anything further you want to know to make a decision 
Who stars opposite of DiCaprio?
I dont know it does not state it 
Is it rated "R"? or PG-13?
but it got 86 % from rotten tomatoes 
I dont know that either sorrt
its got shooting and sex 
Probably R then.
it is a mind boggler 
I might have to check it out. I love thrillers.
Anything else I should know to make a decision?
no the movie is really great. The less you know the better
done?
I think we both need to have 12 lines of covo
Ok...done.
so 24 lines total?
I am not able to scroll back up to review though.
I have 15
You have over 15.
yeah idk then 
The "finish conversation" is grayed out.
This movie looks really interesting I like Tom Hanks a lot
He IS a great and highly skilled actor.
for sure, I think the score on this movie looks really good on Rotten Tomatoes
88% is a good score. I think I too, would rate this movie average.
yeah this typically isn't in my genre but nevertheless seems to be a good movie
So this movie takes place during or after the Vietnamese war?
after I believe
its funny its about a newspaper and nobody even reads those anymore
Exactly. Tom Hanks plays as one of those who works for The Post too.
yeah and Meryl Streep as well I believe
Any movie directed by Steven Spielberg is bound to have the viewer's attention 
Yes and really the critics seemed to enjoy it 
In what year did Daniel Ellsberg accompany the US troops in the movie?
I think 1966 
would you agree?
I would too agree.
What corporation was he working for?
Daniel Ellsberg ended up working for RAND.
Is my memory correct?
yes that is correct from what I can see
pretty gutsy move these guys actually pulled 
with classified government documents
And he tracked down by the post assistant editor too.
yes I actually think this movie makes me want to see more true story type films
I would not be surprised at all if this was a hidden real story that the government did not want to get out  
that's what it seems like that it was a 30 year old document that they didn't want people to know about
do you enjoy this genre of movie?
I do. I enjoy movies that involve exploiting of governments and white house involvements. 
same here it makes it more interesting knowing it actually happened to
and in the movie, the court rules the newspaper 6-3, that must of been a shocker
yeah I am sure the government was shocked
Even if I was right, I don't think i could conspire  against the US government
no absolutely not I don't think its right to undermine the government
who was president at the time I wonder?
The president during that time was Nixon
Nixon actually demanded that the Post be barred from the White House.
Hi! The movie I want to talk to you about today is Steven Spielberg's JAWS. It has a 97% review on Rotten Tomatoes and has a 8/10 IMDB rating!
Yes, that was worth a one time watch back in the 70's!
So do you agree with the ratings of the movie? Many people find it to be a scary thriller, but others describe it as being too gruesome. What do you think? Do you like this kind of movie?
I found it to be to gruesome and didn't agree with the rating.  But then, I don't like violent movies.
I hear ya. But, maybe you should give it another try! It's a classic movie full of action and suspense. Steven Spielberg never disappoints. Do you typically like Steven Spielberg movies?
I'm not sure as to whether I'd like to give it another try or not,  but then again I liked ET. 
Well, like one person put it, it's funny in a Woody Allen sort of way. Since it's a classic, it might not be exactly as you remember. Might be worth the watch even if just for the laughs!
Perhaps the humor is subtle.  I recall not really seeing to much humor in it though, 
Well, I suppose the film works for both types of people. Some love it because of its action and because it's a scary thriller, while others find it to be more humorous and funny. 
That's true, and it probably also has a lot to do with the types of humor people like, or don't care for. 
Yeah, that's true. But, of course, most watch it for the thrill. For example, there is a scene in the movie where a woman named Chrissie Watkins goes skinny dipping in the ocean. While she's in the water, she's suddenly pulled under! It's unexpected and thrilling, one of the reasons why I enjoy this movie. 
I honestly don't know what else to say...... This has been going on way too long and is honestly silly. I'm going to return the HIT. Hopefully you can abort the conversation and still get paid. This is terrible
Ok, let's get this done.  Nice chatting with you either way!  :-)
What is the movie about?
the movie is about a young child named Kevin who was abandoned by his family when they went for their Christmas vacation
Did they abandon him on purpose?
no they had lost track of him since they had multiple family's over for christmas
Did they realize they lost track of him and come back for him?
Kevin's mother realizes that he is lost once they arrive at their destination and she trys to get on a flight back home but there are none available so she drives back with strangers 
Was he left at home or while they were traveling?
he was left at home
How old is Kevin?
kevin is a young child no exact age is given estimates are he is around 10
Oh, ok. Is he able to fend for himself at all?
kevin is left home because a power outage caused the family to oversleep and be late for their flight so in the confusion they misplaced kevin as he was sent to the attic for misbehaving the night before 
So, he is not able to fend for himself?  Is he afraid?
he enjoys being alone but he is met with two burglers who he has to try and strop 
he is not afriad but more excited
How does he stop the burglars?
Is it a drama or more of a comedy?
the movie is a good mix of both but i would say it is more of a drama that has a good laugh once in a while 
What is  the name  of the movie?
the movie is named home alone 
Ok. Does Kevin have any siblings?
he has a brother named Buzz who Kevin is not a fan of since he was sent to the third floor after an altercation with Buzz the night before they left for paris 
Does Buzz feel bad that Kevin was left behind?
no he doesnt care 
Does Kevins Mom get to him before the burglars do?
no Kevin has to fend off the burgers himself he places booby traps all around the house which turn out to be very effective
Do the burglars realize they are being  fooled by a kid that is  home alaonee?
Do they give up or  keep trying  to rob the house?
the robbers came on Christmas eve and were detained by police after going through kelvins house and getting hit by all his traps they realize he is alone but there already in the house and are commited 
Do  they ever see Kevin when they are  in his house?
Do the police ever figure out that Kevin is home alone?
it is never specified 
Just a moment. I have to read the document.
Okay :D
The movie is a musical, has a 89% Rotten Tomatoes rating, and stars Idina Menzel. She was made famous for the musical Wicked.
Do you like musicals?
I think it depends on the topic
What is the topic of this one?
It's a fairy tale, based on Hans Christian Andersen's "The Snow Queen." The main characters have to find a way to release the world from the icy grip of winter.
It's animated.
That sounds a little like Frozen
Is it?
It is! You've heard of it, then? It sounds to me like it's worth seeing.
I have indeed
You haven't seen it?
I have. I loved it.
What was your favorite part?
Hmmm... I'm supposed to be convincing you to see it. I can't talk about anything not on the document.
Let me tell you about it. It's bringing up key scenes.
Oh, okay, I am all ears
:)
In the beginning, we find that Princess Elsa has magical powers. She accidentally hurts her sister with them, though.
Oh no, that is awful
The king and queen take the younger sister to be healed, and the being that heals her also changes her memory so that she doesn't remember her older sister has magical abilities.
This is a good beginning
Elsa eventually becomes queen, but she's terrified that people will find out about her powers and be afraid of her. They have a castle party, and the younger sister--Anna--falls in love with a visiting dignitary, who proposes to her. Elsa says, "No" and loses control of her powers in front of everyone.
Oh no D:
The Duke, the guy Anna fell for, brands her a monster. Elsa runs away, but the kingdom is left in an eternal winter, due to her magic.
I love Winter but this is not good
Poor Elsa
Anna goes to find Elsa and meets some new friends along  the way. When they find and confront Elsa, she accidentally injures Anna again.
This definitely is not good :(
One of her new friends takes her back to the same being who healed her before. He says that an act of true love is the only thing that can save her now. I won't spoil the ending.
How are you today?
Hey, how are you doing?
Hey, how are you doing?
Hey, how are you doing?
I am good. Thank you.
There is this great movie I want to tell you about called Toy Story
It was made in 1995 and was one of the first full length  computer animated films.
The voice actors in the movies are very famous stars such as Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, and Don Rickles.
So have you seen Zootopia?
Yes, I have. The movie was hilarious! Who was your favorite character?
I'm not good with character names, but the fox played by jason bateman
Nick Wilde \
Who was yours?
Oh okay, my favorite character was Judy Hopps. My favorite scene of the movie was when she got initially put as a parking duty cop.
I like the movie because it was something that both me and my children enjoyed.
I actually watched it at a friends house because her 2 year old had it on repeat
Oh, how funny. Do you think that the IMDB rating is appropriate?
I do. 8/10 seems right. The Rotten Tomatoes review seems high, but it's impressive
I agree, Rotten Tomatoes usually has horrible ratings so it is a bit surprising. I like the main theme that people can't be judged based on their color (well in this case species).
What Holiday was this released around?
Do you think Judy recording Nick was an ethical decision?
I don't recall the holiday. I do think that it was ethical because he was a wanted suspect so she was just doing her job.
I think the ending made up for her recording, because she realized that Nick's past being bullied had a huge effect on him.
I also thought it was super unfair of Bogo to request her resignation so quickly. She was still new to the force.
I agree with that, it was unfair. However, she got tricked by Nick on her first day I honestly don't think she was qualified for the position.
She was a bit naive, but she also shouldn't have been out alone as a rookie.
I loved Bellwethers character, I know she's a bad guy, but Jenny Slate does such a good job
I have to agree with you on that. I don't see her as much of a bad guy, since she offered Nick and Judy access to the security cameras.
In the end when Judy asked Nick to join the Zootopia police department, do you think that was a good call on her part?
Probably not, just because he ended up liking her doesn't mean he had completely turned himself around
Yeah, the movie didn't show Nick developing enough for him to be trusted with that kind of authority. Plus I am guessing that his criminal background wouldn't go well.
It was sweet when Nick stuck up for Judy when BOGO tried to demand her to quit
I agree, he definitely showed some development there, possibly just gratitude.
Did you think that the use of drugs in the movie was a bit too much? (the creation of drugs I should say)/
I think it was innocent enough. Probably too complicated of a plot line to really do any harm to kids.
They could get the jist of it, that bellwether made the wolves do bad things, but beyond that, they probably didn't relate it to drugs as we think of them
I know what you mean.
My young cousin asked me what they were and why he was making them what they do to people, etc. So it might not influence most children but definitely some.
Hello, what movie are we talking about?
I'm not really familiar with it?
Who are the actors in the movie?
I watched it.  It was very interesting.
He is also the producer.
Did he win any awards for it?
It does not say on the document.  I personally do not know.
Is there illegal trading that goes on?
He must be a young stockbroker in the movie?
This was based on the true story and character.
What was the characters name?
Wait, the letters are very small on the document.
I think I remember seeing the trailer and I think Michael Douglas is also in the movie
Wasn't it directed by Oliver Stone?
No he was not
No, Sarcosse
Is it suspenseful?  I may consider watching it
Would you recommend it?
I would but make sure kids are not around.
if you are religious, you would not want to watch it
Ok thanks for the information
No I'm not religious so I guess I'm ok
Does it say how long the movie is?  I have no information about it on my screen at all
it does not say
It says in the turk hit that we will both have the paragraph available to read and I don't so....whatever I guess
Is there anything else you can tell me about it?
So, even though I watched the movie, I could only influence you based on the document.
Can you type some of the information in the document?
Jordan was a stock broker for Rotschild.  
He deceived customers.
He pushed penny stocks that he knew were not good
Ok thanks, sounds interesting
nice chatting
Hi!
What is the movie about?
Just a moment. I have to read the document.
Okay :D
The movie is a musical, has a 89% Rotten Tomatoes rating, and stars Idina Menzel. She was made famous for the musical Wicked.
Do you like musicals?
I think it depends on the topic
What is the topic of this one?
It's a fairy tale, based on Hans Christian Andersen's "The Snow Queen." The main characters have to find a way to release the world from the icy grip of winter.
It's animated.
That sounds a little like Frozen
Is it?
It is! You've heard of it, then? It sounds to me like it's worth seeing.
I have indeed
You haven't seen it?
I have. I loved it.
Same
What was your favorite part?
Hmmm... I'm supposed to be convincing you to see it. I can't talk about anything not on the document.
Let me tell you about it. It's bringing up key scenes.
Oh, okay, I am all ears
:)
In the beginning, we find that Princess Elsa has magical powers. She accidentally hurts her sister with them, though.
Oh no, that is awful
The king and queen take the younger sister to be healed, and the being that heals her also changes her memory so that she doesn't remember her older sister has magical abilities.
This is a good beginning
Elsa eventually becomes queen, but she's terrified that people will find out about her powers and be afraid of her. They have a castle party, and the younger sister--Anna--falls in love with a visiting dignitary, who proposes to her. Elsa says, "No" and loses control of her powers in front of everyone.
Oh no D:
The Duke, the guy Anna fell for, brands her a monster. Elsa runs away, but the kingdom is left in an eternal winter, due to her magic.
I love Winter but this is not good
Poor Elsa
Anna goes to find Elsa and meets some new friends along  the way. When they find and confront Elsa, she accidentally injures Anna again.
This definitely is not good :(
One of her new friends takes her back to the same being who healed her before. He says that an act of true love is the only thing that can save her now. I won't spoil the ending.
This film has a great rotten tomatoes score
What did you think of the cast?
Those scores are often inflated by the studios themselves. I don't always trust RT
I thought the cast was good. 
Do you watch alot of musicals?
Do you typically like musicals?
I watch some, but I'm very picky about them
Not really, I'll watch them on occasion.
I don't like when they sing the dialogue
What about Dramas?
I'm a movie buff in general
What was your favorite scene? I liked the one while they were doing a gig at a restaurant.
I heard good things about La La Land, but haven't see it IRL yet
Sappy and showtune-like?
He was playing in a1980's pop cover band..
not bad though
Sounds like Music & Lyrics
Do you agree with the rating? 
Seemed inflated to me, but I still need to see it
I thought Emma Stone did a fantastic job though
Jazz Pianist doesn't get me excited
I like John Legend's music and voice though
Yeah, one of the critics said Mia's character was a little dull and Sebastian is a jazz snob
IMDB ratings usually aren't that high
I'll have to check it out. Kind of forgot about this one
Maybe on a date night
I've never heard of the director Damien Chazelle
Neither have I, but with scores like that I'll have to check out some other films
I really liek Ryan Goslings character as well
I didn't like the scene where Mia left him at the end though, it was sad 
spoiler alert!!!!
Still worth watching
What is the movie?
Hi.  Have you see Toy Story?
No I haven't. What's it about?
Tom Hanks was pretty funny.
It is a buddy film
Tom Hanks is a great actor.
A comedy animation adventure
Hanks is awesome
What is the movie about ?
It is mostly in a kids bedroom.
The tpys are animated when no one is around
toys
Ok, toys in a kids bedroom that are animated. Sounds interesting.
O had my doubts about it at first, but the film really holds up
What else should I know about the movie
Hanks plays the toy cowboy
He is the kids f arvorite
Do you know the cowboy's name?
Woody
He has a girlfriend cowgirl not sure what her nam eis
How many toys does the kid have?
Lots of other toys interact and keep the soty interesting
story
I seem to recall some 6 or 8 toys
What are some of the other kinds of toys?
Pretty much what you would find in a kids room
A Mr pototo head is Don Rickles
Jim Varney is a slinky dog
WLLce Shawn is a toy T-rex
Tim Allen is Buzz Lightyear a spaceman
you want me to keep looking?
There is a piggy bank
Oh I found Woddy's GF She is called Sally
Is there a toy horse?
Woody has a horse 
Not sure what the name is though
Sounds like an interesting movie
The fun thing I found in the film was all the personal interactions between the toys
like real people, just stuipd ones, trying to solve an important problem.
Funny actors would make it good
ya comedians made the film good
How long is the film?
about 90 min
HI, tell me a bit about the movie please?
Hello, the movie is called the wolf of wall street
have you heard of it
I haven't
Is it good?
The movie is an American Black comedy based of a memoir of the same name
It recounts Belforts perspective as stockbroker in New York City
Oh ok. Talks about his experience as a stockbrocker?
broker
sorry
Np, did he do well?
The lead is played by Leonardo Dicaprio
the movie is good
His firm Stratton Oakmont engaged in rampant corruption and fraud
I like him. Is he a good guy or bad?
it led to Belfort fall
He seems like the bad guy since he engaged in fraud
Yes, true. Does it have much action?
It is a black comedy not action
Under Hanna, Belfort engages in sex, fraud, and drugs
oh right. Gotcha. So, funny, but a dark funny.
Hanna is a fellow stockbroker for Rothschild
Sounds interesting. I'm sure has true elements of that life.
Yep, Jordan Belfort later  starts a company with his buddy Donnie Azof
Well, I guess he learned many tricks of the trade with the company
The company scams people
Will he try to not scam people in his new company?
Nope, the basis of the company is to scam people
so, even when he starts his own, huh?
Yep. Belfort also loses his wife after she discovers he has been sleeping with prostitutes and  using drugs
Can't say I blame her lol
Two years later Jordan Belfort is arrested by the FBI
Did he get convicted?
However, he is given leniency for exchange for evidence against his colleagues
Sounds like a good movie. Can we finish now?
Yep. Thanks for chatting
thanks, I will watch it. SOunds good
Did you like the movie Despicable Me?
I did not realize this movie came out in 2010, that seemed so long ago.
